# CS 518
Here is the repository of projects implemented for CS 518
- HW1: implements the Randomized-Hire-Assistant algorithm and test it on at least five different inputs. Its problem demonstrates the process of hiring a new assistant. Assume the candidates are numbered 1 through n which represents the unique qualification compared among the candidates. The larger number a candidate is, the more qualifier he/she is. By interviewing a candidate and comparing the best already-known candidate, the algorithm gives decision of hire. Finding the first best candidate within a few of interviews reduces the cost. In the effort, the algorithm utilizes PERMUTE-IN-PLACE to randomly reorder the entries. It has been proved employing randomization over input distribution is to reduce the cost of hires in this problem. 
- Project 1: This is the implementation of an algorithm in the paper I choose in the class. The paper proposes a genetic algorithm for finding the k shortest paths in a network. It is also known as multimedia multicast routing and has been proved to be NP-complete. There are several distinguish variants with different constrainst for this problem published. Determining the k shortes paths with bandwidths constrainst from a single node to multiple destination nodes is the version that the paper discusses. Given a weighted digraph G = (N, E, M) where N denotes the set of nodes in the network, E denotes the set of communication links connecting the nodes with the weighted bandwidth. The path P from s to t is the shortest path if the minimum bandwidth of the set of links from s to t is equal to B - a pre-defined constrainst 
